#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiosmtplib==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
alembic==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
fastapi==0.116.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-cloud-bigquery==3.37.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
igraph==0.11.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   leidenalg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
leidenalg==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.45.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mako
numba==0.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   umap-learn
openai==1.107.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pytest
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg==3.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-binary==3.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   umap-learn
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
ruff==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   umap-learn
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
starlette==0.47.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
texttable==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   igraph
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
    #   umap-learn
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
umap-learn==0.5.9.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
